Fix fwrite length for gzip output (#6393)
Rdatatable/data.table: NEWS.md

1. In `DT[, variable := value]`, when value is class `POSIXlt`, we automatically coerce it to class `POSIXct` instead, [#1724](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/1724). Thanks to @linzhp for the report, and Benjamin Schwendinger for the fix.

## NEW FEATURES

> 1. `fwrite()` with `compress="gzip"` produces compatible gz files when composed of multiple independent chunks owing to parallelization, [#6356](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/6356).  Earlier `fwrite()` versions could have issues with HTTP upload using `Content-Encoding: gzip` and `Transfer-Encoding: chunked`. Thanks to @oliverfoster for report and @philippechataignon for the fix.

Reviewer: I wonder if this is new feature or bug fix. Not totally clear to me from the issue discussion -- it's not like decompression had any issues before. Leaving as a "feature" for now.

Reviewer 2: I think the browser/web server HTTP gzip stuff is just a narrower implementation of the gzip compression algorithm than was utilised by fwrite. Such that some external utilities could decompress without issue and some could not. It would say fix, but that would depend on the initial intent of the compress flag, if it was only meant for internal use in R, reading and writing csv.gz files, the it is a feature to extend the implementation to support a wider ecosystem. I'm also happy to call it a feature (or fix).

Reviewer: Thanks for the extra context. Yes, I think I'm most comfortable with "new feature" here -- it's extending `fwrite()` to "play better" with a wider set of tools for gzip files, where previously it could best be described as a more "pure" companion to `zlib`. Hopefully that makes sense :)

14. Passing functions programmatically with `env=` doesn't produce an opaque error, e.g. `DT[, f(b), env = list(f=sum)]`, [#6026](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/6026). Note that it's much better to pass functions like `f="sum"` instead. Thanks to @MichaelChirico for the bug report and fix.

> 15. `fwrite()` with compress="gzip" produces slightly incompatible gz files with multiple independent chunks [#6356](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/6356). This has been fixed by an internal refactoring of the fwrite function. Thanks to @olivierfoster for report and @philippechataignon for the fix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
15. `fwrite()` with `compress="gzip"` produces compatible gz files when composed of multiple independent chunks owing to parallelization, [#6356](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/6356).  Earlier `fwrite()` versions could have issues with HTTP upload using `Content-Encoding: gzip` and `Transfer-Encoding: chunked`. Thanks to @olivierfoster for report and @philippechataignon for the fix.
```

Does that sound right? I'm not sure I've described the OP issue correctly as being related to "HTTP".

Reviewer 2: It is clear enough, thank you. My username is wrong though.

> 16. `fwrite()` gains a new parameter `compressLevel` to control compression level for gzip [#5506](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/5506)] [#5513](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/5513)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
16. `fwrite()` gains a new parameter `compressLevel` to control compression level for gzip, [#5506](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/5506). This parameter balances compression speed and total compression, and corresponds directly to the analogous command-line parameter, e.g. `compressLevel=4` corresponds to passing `-4`; the default, `6`, matches the command-line default. Thanks @mgarbuzov for the request and @philippechataignon for implementing.
```
